Are the funds available to participate in the national tender?
There's over 50 billion now.
100 billion should be collected before bidding
Jiang Feiyue
Just you wait.
Don't worry, we have signed other contracts.
It will all end today
The last bidding consortium
It's a new drug consortium from Rongdu
Xingyao Foundation
This is not what was blocked by the Qin family back then
The group that stopped
How dare you come
Shen Yi
Do you really think you have so many people cooperating?
Can defeat us
The Qin family this time
Will make you bear
A worse lesson than your father's
If you dare to talk to the Qin family, you are courting death